Shenzhen ZKTeco Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "ZKTeco") is a globally renowned enterprise with biometric identification as its core technology. It is committed to three major business areas: empowering biometric identification core technology, empowering "people, vehicles, and objects" software platforms for intelligent entry and exit, and empowering ZKTeco+ smart office cloud platforms, providing comprehensive services to global public service users, enterprise users, and individual users. The company has more than 3,500 employees worldwide, including nearly 1,000 R&D personnel and nearly 600 foreign employees. The company has 45 subsidiaries/branches in mainland China, and 48 branches in Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, and overseas (as of May 2020). ZKTeco has various R&D, design, and innovation centers in Silicon Valley, Europe, India, Dongguan, Xiamen, Dalian, and other places. Currently, most of the Fortune 500 companies are using ZKTeco technology and intelligent terminals, and the business covers more than 100 countries and regions worldwide. The company adheres to the values of "responsibility, integrity, practicality, and excellence," and hopes to use technology to change the world and make human life and social development safer and smarter.

In 1998, the ZKTeco founding team successfully launched the self-developed fingerprint algorithm ZKFinger2.0 SDK, which was widely used in the PC security and identity authentication fields. At the same time, they began to research the application of self-developed facial recognition algorithms and fingerprint recognition technology in identity cards, officially starting their exploration journey in the field of biometric identification.

In 2001, ZKTeco launched the world's first self-developed embedded fingerprint recognition system based on Intel Strong ARM, ZKFinger3.0. In 2002, the embedded fingerprint development platform 1.0 version was released. In 2003, the embedded fingerprint development platform 2.0 version was released, and the founding team continued to expand its territory in the field of biometric identification, successfully launching the self-developed facial recognition algorithm ZKFace1.0. In 2004, the embedded fingerprint development platform ZEM100 and ZEM200 series were launched. In 2005, the embedded fingerprint development platform ZEM300 series was launched. In 2006, the facial recognition algorithm ZKFace2.0 was launched, and the embedded fingerprint development platform ZEM400 and 500 series were released.

In 2007, ZKTeco Co., Ltd. was formally established, and in the same year, it began to enter the overseas market. In 2008, the company released its first self-developed biometric smart lock and B/S architecture attendance management platform, and the construction of the first phase of the Dongguan industrial base began. In 2009, the facial recognition algorithm ZKFace3.0 and the embedded facial and fingerprint hybrid recognition attendance access control terminal were released, and the US subsidiary was established.

In 2010, the fingerprint recognition algorithm ZKFinger10.0, the facial recognition algorithm ZKFace7.0, and the independent finger vein technology research and development were started. The access control controller C3 series was also launched, and the European subsidiary was established. In 2011, the finger vein algorithm ZKFingerVein1.0 was released, and the company's brand trademark was changed from ZKSoftware to ZKTeco. The Brazilian subsidiary was established. In 2012, the bio-recognition algorithm ZKMutiBio3.0 based on fingerprints, facial recognition, iris, and finger vein was released, and the visible light facial recognition algorithm